c:\users\propietario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Compilers_UI\Compilers_UI\bin\Debug\Compilers_UI.exe.config
c:\users\propietario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Compilers_UI\Compilers_UI\bin\Debug\Compilers_UI.exe
c:\users\propietario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Compilers_UI\Compilers_UI\bin\Debug\Compilers_UI.pdb
c:\users\propietario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Compilers_UI\Compilers_UI\bin\Debug\Compiler_Core.dll
c:\users\propietario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Compilers_UI\Compilers_UI\bin\Debug\Compiler_Core.pdb
c:\users\propietario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Compilers_UI\Compilers_UI\obj\Debug\Compilers_UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\propietario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Compilers_UI\Compilers_UI\obj\Debug\Compilers_UI.Form1.resources
c:\users\propietario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Compilers_UI\Compilers_UI\obj\Debug\Compilers_UI.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\propietario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Compilers_UI\Compilers_UI\obj\Debug\Compilers_UI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\propietario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Compilers_UI\Compilers_UI\obj\Debug\Compilers_UI.exe
c:\users\propietario\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Compilers_UI\Compilers_UI\obj\Debug\Compilers_UI.pdb
C:\Users\PROPIETARIO\Documents\6to Cuatri\Compiladores1\Compilers_UI\Compilers_UI\bin\Debug\Compilers_UI.exe.config
C:\Users\PROPIETARIO\Documents\6to Cuatri\Compiladores1\Compilers_UI\Compilers_UI\bin\Debug\Compilers_UI.exe
C:\Users\PROPIETARIO\Documents\6to Cuatri\Compiladores1\Compilers_UI\Compilers_UI\bin\Debug\Compilers_UI.pdb
C:\Users\PROPIETARIO\Documents\6to Cuatri\Compiladores1\Compilers_UI\Compilers_UI\bin\Debug\Compiler_Core.dll
C:\Users\PROPIETARIO\Documents\6to Cuatri\Compiladores1\Compilers_UI\Compilers_UI\bin\Debug\Compiler_Core.pdb
C:\Users\PROPIETARIO\Documents\6to Cuatri\Compiladores1\Compilers_UI\Compilers_UI\obj\Debug\Compilers_UI.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\PROPIETARIO\Documents\6to Cuatri\Compiladores1\Compilers_UI\Compilers_UI\obj\Debug\Compilers_UI.Form1.resources
C:\Users\PROPIETARIO\Documents\6to Cuatri\Compiladores1\Compilers_UI\Compilers_UI\obj\Debug\Compilers_UI.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\PROPIETARIO\Documents\6to Cuatri\Compiladores1\Compilers_UI\Compilers_UI\obj\Debug\Compilers_UI.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\PROPIETARIO\Documents\6to Cuatri\Compiladores1\Compilers_UI\Compilers_UI\obj\Debug\Compilers_UI.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\PROPIETARIO\Documents\6to Cuatri\Compiladores1\Compilers_UI\Compilers_UI\obj\Debug\Compilers_UI.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\PROPIETARIO\Documents\6to Cuatri\Compiladores1\Compilers_UI\Compilers_UI\obj\Debug\Compilers_UI.exe
C:\Users\PROPIETARIO\Documents\6to Cuatri\Compiladores1\Compilers_UI\Compilers_UI\obj\Debug\Compilers_UI.pdb
